API Product Okta Identity Engine Content (#2337)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-run-sample/main/nodejs/testapp.md

1. From the terminal, navigate to the `express-embedded-sign-in-widget` sample directory and run the application: `npm run start`. This process sets the environment variables and starts the web server. Check the console to see that the environment variables are set.
1. Open a browser window and navigate to the app's home page. The URL should be:
   `http://localhost:8080`. After the app loads, click the **Sign In** button located on the home screen.
1. On the Sign in page enter the username (email) and password you used in
   [Create your Okta account](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/nodejs/main/#create-your-okta-account).
   A screenshot of the log in form is shown below:

   <div class="common-image-format">

    ![Sample app sign in](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-widget-sample-app-signin.png
   "Sample app sign in")

   </div>

1. Click Sign in.
1. If successful, the app should redirect you to the user profile page that displays
   basic user profile and security token information.

   <div class="common-image-format">

    ![User profile page](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/Embedded-SIW-profile-page-nodejs.png
   "User profile page")

   </div>

## Troubleshooting

> * If the Widget does not load or hangs, check to make sure you have properly set up your local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the widget doesn't load or hangs, check to make sure you have properly set up your local
```

   configurations. Follow the steps in [Configuration Settings](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/nodejs/main/#where-to-place-the-configurations).

> * If the Widget does not load and instead displays the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the widget doesn't load and instead displays the following error:
```
